What is your cumulative GPA?
Select one or more races to indicate what you consider yourself to be.
What are your future plans?
In regards to independent research undertaken while an undergraduate student:
Did you participate in independent research with a faculty member?
If so, with a faculty member in Biology?
Why or why not?
In what years of your time at LMU did you participate - first, second, third and or 
fourth year – please indicate which one(s)?
Finally, please include your name and an alternate email address here, so we can stay in touch with you in the future:
I feel I have a broad background in biology					
I understand the essential concepts of biology					
I have developed the ability to think critically about scientific information					
I am adept at solving scientific problems					
I have developed effective skills for written presentations of scientific information					
I have developed effective skills for oral presentations of scientific information					
I am capable of conducting fundamental laboratory experiments in my major					
I have had the opportunity to participate in the scientific discovery process					
I am knowledgeable of various career opportunities available with a degree in Biology					
I have a greater appreciation for the importance of science in society					
I enjoy watching shows, movies or reading books or articles about science					
I feel well prepared for my future career path					
I am confident my undergraduate degree will allow me to be successful in my future endeavors					
Do you believe, by and large, that the Biology department has prepared you well for career/profession after graduation? Please explain.
What was most beneficial to you as a student of the Biology department?
What was least beneficial to you as a student of the Biology department?
If there would be one aspect of the education supplied by the Biology department that you would like seen changed, deleted or added, what would it be?






