I feel I have gotten value as an individual in the computer science major or planned CS major (e.g., technical skills, confidence, career objectives)
I have found one or more communities, groups, labs, or spaces at LMU CS where I feel welcome.
I have found one or more communities, groups, labs, or spaces at LMU CS where I feel marginalized or excluded.
At LMU CS, the faculty/staff are generally supportive of discussing difficult issues and problems.
At LMU CS, people are sometimes rejected for being different.
Members of the LMU CS department value and respect each other's contributions.
How do you feel about the major and pursuing a career in computing?
How has your experience in LMU CS affected your feelings about the major and pursuing a career in computing?
At LMU CS, I have generally had positive experiences in the classrooms and labs.
At LMU CS, I have found people to generally be welcoming and friendly.
During the time you have been a student at LMU CS have you ever experienced encouragement, support, or inspiration that made you feel particularly welcome or at-home by someone associated with LMU CS?
You indicated that you experienced encouragement, support, or inspiration that made you feel particularly welcome or at-home. How frequently have you experienced these encouragements?
Did any of these encouragements affect you in any of the following ways? (Mark all that apply) 
During the time you have been a student at LMUCS have you ever experienced verbal, written, or online harassing behaviors or micro aggressions by someone associated with LMUCS? 
Someone made a derogatory remark or gesture in person or online 
Someone sent me a derogatory email, text, or social media post 
I was embarrassed, humiliated, or threatened by someone in person or online
You indicated that you experienced verbal, written, or online harassing behaviors. How frequently have you experienced these harassing behaviors?
Did any of these harassing behaviors affect you in any of the following ways? (Mark all that apply) 
What efforts, initiatives or policies have you seen or experienced in your classes and labs, that have had a positive impact on improving diversity, equity, and inclusion at LMU CS?
Belonging is the feeling of security and support when there is a sense of acceptance, inclusion, and identity for a member of a certain group. Please describe how you feel about belonging to this community and why you feel that way.
What would make you feel more comfortable in your classes and labs that currently does not exist or is lacking in the department? Please share all your suggestions in the box below.
What is your class year?
What is your GPA?
When we feel othered based on an aspect of our identity, we are more aware of that identity than the aspects of our identity we feel are mostly shared with those around us. Which of the following identities feel most salient to you when you are in LMUCS spaces virtually?
When we feel othered based on an aspect of our identity, we are more aware of that identity than the aspects of our identity we feel are mostly shared with those around us. Which of the following identities feel most salient to you when you are in LMUCS spaces in-person?
Is there anything else you would like to share about how you identify and/or your experience of your identities within LMUCS spaces?


