Please indicate your level of satisfaction with the following at LMU ECE.
Overall DEI climate at ECE
The ECE Department experience/environment regarding diversity	
The ECE Department experience/environment regarding equity	
The ECE Department experience/environment regarding inclusion	
The extent to which you experience a sense of belonging or community at ECE	
The extent to which you feel all community members experience a sense of belonging or community at ECE	
Please indicate your level of agreement with each of the following statements about LMU ECE.
The department environment is free from tensions related to individual or group differences.	
Retention of historically marginalized students is effectively addressed	
Faculty and staff demonstrate a commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion on this campus.	
In the last year, about how often have you interacted with the following people while at LMU ECE?
People who have a racial and/or ethnic identity other than your own	
People from a socioeconomic background other than your own	
People who have a sexual orientation other than your own	
People whose gender differs from yours
People for whom English is not their native language
People from a religious background other than your own
People with a disability
People who are undocumented immigrants
People from a country other than your own
People who hold a political affiliation, philosophy, or view that differs from yours	
How comfortable are you interacting with the following people?
People who have a racial and/or ethnic identity other than your own	
People from a socioeconomic background other than your own	
People who have a sexual orientation other than your own	
People whose gender differs from yours
People for whom English is not their native language	
People from a religious background other than your own	
People with a disability
People who are undocumented immigrants
People from a country other than your own	
People who hold a political affiliation, philosophy, or view that differs from yours	
To what extent do you agree that diversity in the department improves experiences and interactions within the classroom, the workplace, and the overall community?
How satisfied are you with the equity at LMU ECE in the following forms?
Equitable access to resources and facilities
Equitable academic or career advising
Equitable department/program support
Equitable faculty support
Equitable staff support
Equitable peer support
In responding to the previous question, you indicated that you were ‘generally dissatisfied’ or ‘very dissatisfied’ with the equity at LMU ECE in some form(s). Please tell us more about why you selected that response.
How satisfied are you with the inclusiveness of LMU ECE in the following settings?
In classrooms or labs
In study areas
In common areas such as the engineering quad
During teamwork or in study groups
During interactions with faculty
During interactions with staff
Cultural appreciation
In responding to the previous question, you indicated that you were ‘generally dissatisfied’ or ‘very dissatisfied’ with the inclusiveness at LMU ECE in some settings(s). Please tell us more about why you selected that response.
Overall, how comfortable would you be sharing your views on diversity, equity, and inclusion LMU ECE?
What one word or sentence would you use to describe the sense of belonging and community you feel at LMU ECE?
What one change would you make in order to enhance the sense of belonging and community at LMU ECE?
What comments do you have regarding the equity and inclusiveness of the current ECE climate? You may comment all possible perspectives such as curricula, pedagogy, classroom environments, facilities, resources, etc.
During your time at LMU ECE, about how often have you heard someone affiliate with LMU ECE make an insensitive or disparaging remark about:
If you heard someone affiliate with LMU ECE make an insensitive or disparaging remark, about how often was the source of that remark a member of the following groups?
Please indicate your level of agreement with the following items.
If I experienced or observed an act of discrimination or harassment while at LMU ECE, I have a faculty or peer I feel comfortable with turning to.	
If I experienced or observed an act of discrimination or harassment while at LMU ECE, I know whom to contact to report the incident.	
Have you ever been discriminated against or harassed in LMU ECE, either in schoolwork setting or at programs/events affiliated with LMU ECE?
In responding to the previous question, you indicated that you were unsure about whether you have experienced discrimination or harassment at LMU ECE. Please tell us more about why you selected that response.
How often have you been discriminated against or harassed in LMU ECE, either in schoolwork setting or at programs/events affiliated with LMU ECE?
You indicated that you have experienced discrimination or harassment during your time at LMU ECE. Did any of these incidents of discrimination or harassment occur in the last year?
Please indicate which of the following forms of discrimination or harassment you have experienced in LMU ECE in the past year. (Check all that apply. All experiences are to be due to your race, gender, sexual orientation, religious belief, political view, socioeconomic background, disability, native language, immigration status, etc.)
Stared at
Deliberately ignored, dismissed, isolated, or left out
Excluded from class activity participation or research projects by a faculty/staff
Excluded from class activities, study groups, or social activities by an ECE peer
Being delegated non-essential tasks in group activities
Being offered unsolicited help
Racial/ethnic profiling or stereotype
Graffiti or other forms of vandalism on campus
Derogatory written comments
Derogatory remarks
Derogatory posts on social media
Derogatory phone calls
Derogatory/unsolicited e-mails
Microaggressions and/or implicit bias
Received a poor grade because of a hostile classroom environment
Received an unfair grade from an ECE instructor or TA
Denied service or access to resources
Deprived of opportunities for scholarship, internship, programs, club activities, leadership roles, etc.
Intimidated/bullied
Threatened with physical violence
Feared for your physical safety
Feared for your family's safety
Physical violence
Sexual assault/harassment
Other form of discrimination or harassment:  	
Did any of these incidents of discrimination or harassment you experienced in LMU ECE occur in the following locations? (Check all that apply)
In a classroom
In a lab or a study area
In a departmental office or conference room
In an individual faculty or staff member's office
In on-campus housing/residences
At a house or residence off-campus
At a program/event affiliated with or sponsored by LMU ECE
At a dining hall, recreational space, or athletic facility
Via the internet or social media
Other location:  	
Was the source of the discrimination/harassment you experienced in LMU ECE a member of the following groups? (Check all that apply)
Did you report any incident(s) to campus officials?
You indicated that you did not report incident(s) of discrimination/harassment that you experienced at LMU ECE to campus officials. We would appreciate it if you would explain why you chose not to report the incident(s).
If there is any other information that you would like to provide about your experiences with discrimination or harassment at LMU ECE, please use the box below.
What is your gender?
Are you transgender?
Which term best describes your sexual orientation? (Select one)
What is your religious affiliation? (Select one)
How would you characterize your political views?
Do you currently have a physical or mental impairment that substantially limits one or more major life activities such as seeing, hearing, learning, interacting with others, walking, etc.?
What is your citizenship status?
Which of the following racial or ethnic categories applies to your identity? (Check all that apply)
What is the highest level of education completed by either of your parents (or those who raised you)?
What is your primary role at LMU ECE?
What is your college classification for the 2020–2021 academic year?
Are you a full-time or part-time student at LMU ECE?
Do you have off-campus work as a source of financial support?
If you would like to offer extra comments on the DEI at LMU ECE, please use the space below.




