When did you graduate/will you graduate?
When did you begin at LMU?
When enrolling at LMU, was Health and Human Sciences your original major?
If no, please indicate what your original major was and what year you changed majors.
Were you a transfer student?
What are your immediate Post-LMU plans?
Already have a job (Please indicate your employer and/or type of job).
Look for a job (Please indicate type of job you are looking for).
Begin Graduate or Professional School (Please indicate which school and program you will be
attending).
Apply to Graduate School (Which School and program?)
Accept Graduates School/ Awaiting acceptance
Service (Please indicate Service Program)
Travel
Military Service
Other (please provide details)
During my time at LMU, the Department of Health and Human Sciences has supported my application and appreciation of the LMU Mission.
Explain in what situations and/or in what way(s), the Department of Health and Human Sciences has supported your application and appreciation of the LMU Mission.
During my time at LMU, the Department of Health and Human Sciences has supported my application and appreciation of the ethics of health and human science related careers.
Explain in what situations and/or in what way(s), the Department of Health and Human Sciences has supported your application and appreciation of ethics of health and human science related careers.
The Department of Health and Human Sciences provided appropriate professional advising and/or development.
Please comment on your experience with professional advising and/or development in the Department of Health and Human Sciences.
Did you receive academic advising during each semester?
The Department of Health and Human Sciences provided appropriate academic advising.
Please comment on your experience with academic advising in the Department of Health and Human Sciences.
The Department of Health and Human Sciences provided appropriate opportunity for me to be involved with undergraduate research projects.
Did you participate in any undergraduate research projects? If yes, please indicate faculty and describe the project.
Did you present at any conferences? If yes, please indicate.
Of all of the HHSC courses you took at LMU, which do you think were most helpful? Why?
Are there courses you wish you had taken? Why?