What was your major while at LMU?
When did you graduate from LMU
What is your current professional status
What is your current profession?
Have you attended another undergraduate, graduate school, or professional-degree program after finishing your BS in Health and Human Sciences, Athletic Training, or Natural Science?
What degree have you received or are you currently working on?
What additional institution(s) did you or are you attending since graduating from LMU?
Are you a member of any professional organizations and /or societies?
Please list the professional organizations or societies you are a member of.
Outside of your job, to what extent are you involved in service activities during a typical year (e.g., community service, charity, etc.) since you graduated from LMU?
How well do you feel your degree in Human Sciences, Athletic Training, or Natural Science helped you to achieve each of the following?
Foundational knowledge of the human body in preparation for upper division courses.
Mastery and application of knowledge gained in the lower division courses with application to courses in the upper division.
Oral communication and interpersonal skills amongst diverse individuals in institutional and healthcare settings.
Effective written communication and interpersonal skills amongst diverse individuals in institutional and healthcare settings.
Appreciation and application of the mission of the University and the Department of Health and Human Sciences.
Appreciation and application of the ethics in health and human science related careers.
Which HHSC/NTLS, Biology, Chemistry, Mathematics, or Physics course(s) do you believe were the most valuable and why?
Which course(s) do you believe should be offered that were not offered when you attended LMU?
What opportunities that you participated in (that were not course-related) were the most valuable to your future endeavors?
Overall, how would you rate the quality of instruction you received from HHSC/NTLS Faculty?
Overall, how would you rate the quality of advising you received from HHSC/NTLS Faculty?
In HHSC/NTLS, at least 180 hours of internship were required for your degree. Overall, how would you rate the value of this requirement as it pertains to you postgraduate experience?
We are considering adding a 15-20 unit minor in HHSC to our program. If we could have offered a minor during your time at LMU, would you have chosen to minor rather than major in HHSC?
My interactions with HHSC/NLTS faculty and staff, both inside and outside of the classroom, made a positive impact on my life.
Overall, how would you rate the quality of your educational experience in HHSC/NTLS?
If you could begin college again, would you attend LMU?
If you could begin your college education again, would you pursue a degree in HHSC?
What was most valuable about your HHSC/NTLS experience?
Is there anything else you would like to share with us?